TDP-5022 Improve Record vs StartRecording difference (#563)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/verbs/record.md

Bandwidth will keep recordings for up to 30 days. After 30 days the recordings will be deleted from Bandwidth's servers.

> <b>Tip:</b> This verb should probably be used if you are building a voice mail system, or conferencing introduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<b>Tip:</b> This verb should probably be used if you are building a voice mail system or conference member introduction.
```
